## Making Pull Requests
Pull requests are the bread and butter tool of anyone contributing to Git projects. If you are a contributer to a project, knowing how to submit a pull request and format it in an acceptable manner is a great way to avoid having your hard work rejected because the project's developer(s) dislike the formatting.

#### How to make the pull request in the first place:
Assuming you are using Github (which you should be as WildStarNASA has already made everything available there), go to the github page of the project you want to contribute to. Let's use dummy_project as our example. Let's say I want to change a line in the README.md file. I go to the github page (https://github.com/wildstarnasa/dummy_project) and click on the button that says 'Fork' near the top right of the page. Github will then fork the repository for you and create a new repo that belongs to you! From here, follow the normal Git workflow to clone your repo (it will be https:/github.com/your_username_here/dummy_project) to your working machine and make all the changes you want, commit those changes, and push back up to github.

At this point, your repository now differs from WildStarNASA's. What you want to do now is let the WildStarNASA devs know that you've made some changes and give them a chance to accept or reject them. So, from you're repository page (https:/github.com/your_username_here/dummy_project), switch to the branch you made changes to (for most of you, this will be 'master' branch and you won't have to do anything at all). Next to the branch indicator in the upper left, there's a Green button that says 'Compare, review, create a pull request' when you hover over it. Click that button to go start the pull request process. This will take you to a form where you can compare the differences between WildStarNASA's codebase and yours. You can do a lot of stuff here, but most of the time, all you need to do is create a pull request message (tell the devs why you are making this change in the first place) and click 'Send pull request' at the bottom of the page to start the process. From here, Github will set up an issue for WildStarNASA's repo and the devs can log in and check out your request before accepting it. They may make comments on the request and give you feedback and you can respond as well.
